The next part is just a little bit of further reading.
It will be a good idea for you to write or look into the exceptions.
There are tons of documentation available on
the Internet about how to write great two unit tests,
that will be also something that you can take a look at,
Advanced Mockito, Power MOCK.
These are some very good concepts that might help you write better unit tests.
One more thing that you can read about is TestNG.
Now, that is another alternative test framework
that you can use to write your unit tests.
It's similar to JUnit,
and I hope that you experiment a little with that as well. That's all for today.